{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036\deflangfe1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\li284\cf1\b\f0\fs14\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs24\lang2057 WD SystemInfo\par
\par
\b0\fs20 WD SystemInfo\par
This example explains how to use the SystemInfo component.\par
The following topics are presented in this example:\par
1/ getting information about the operating system \par
2/ getting information about the user\par
3/ the browse of the network neighborhood by programing\par
Summary of the example supplied with WINDEV:\tab\par
This example presents the features of the SystemInfo component. \par
A window containing three tabs is opened when starting the example. \par
Each tab presents one of the component features.\par
1/ Getting information about the operating system\par
The functions supplied in the SystemInfo component (see its documentation for more details) are used to get various information about the operating system and the computer: system version, makes and number of processors, amount of physical memory installed, etc.\par
2/ Getting information about the user\par
The SystemInfo component can also be used to find out (on the NT, 2000 and XP systems only) the name of the user in session as well as the list of local groups and the list of domain groups to which he belongs.\par
3/ The browse of the network neighborhood by programming\par
The third feature proposed by the component is used to browse the network neighborhood of the computer by programming. The returned information depend on the network client used (Microsoft client or Novell client for example) and it is used to enumerate the resources found on the local network: computers, printers, shared disks, etc.\par
 \par
CAUTION:\par
The modification of the source code of the example and/or component must be performed by an experienced user only. Indeed, unexpected modifications may cause a loss of data and/or an inconstancy of your system\par
\par
\par
\lang1036 ( ________________________________ \'b0 _________________________________ )\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\ul\fs14\lang2057 Conditions of Use.\par
\ulnone This program is supplied for training purposes.\par
The use of this program is the responsibility of the user. \par
PC SOFT will not be liable for damage or loss of any nature whatsoever, including data loss, corruption or deterioration as a result of using this program.\par
Any person owning a WINDEV 28 US license is authorized to use and/or modify the program and to use it in their own applications. \par
In this case all references to PC SOFT and/or to WinDev or WebDev must be removed.\par
You may not distribute or sell this example program without substantial modification or include it in another application unless the application is very large.\par
\par
No Hot Line Support is available for this program.\par
\par
CAUTION: Many users may have modified this program.  \par
Make sure that you are working with the original version of this program.\cf0\fs16\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\fs20\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
}
